docs: clarify prune ordering for sync waves (#27352)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/sync-waves.md

You can use this simple lifecycle method in various scenarios. For example you can run an essential check as a PreSync hook. If it fails then the whole sync operation will stop preventing the deployment from taking place. In a similar manner you can run smoke tests as PostSync hooks. If they succeed you know that your application has passed the validation. If they fail then the whole deployment will be marked as failed and Argo CD can then notify you in order to take further actions.

Hooks do not run during a selective sync operation. During the SyncFail phase, hooks can be used for cleanup and other housekeeping tasks. If a SyncFail hook itself fails, Argo CD does not take any additional action beyond marking the overall operation as failed.

> Note that during pruning of resources, resources from higher waves are processed first before moving to lower waves. If, for any reason, a resource isn't removed/pruned in a wave, the resources in next waves won't be processed. This is to ensure proper resource cleanup between waves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During pruning, waver order is reversed from creation order i.e. resources in higher waves are pruned first. If pruning any resource in a wave fails, the operation is marked as _failed_ and resources in lower waves are not processed. This ensures that dependent resources are cleaned up in the correct order.
```

Slightly better wording. The blocking generally happens on a complete-but-failed prune, not on a pending or still running one.

Author: I rephrased it again - take a look, there is a typo and missing "the" here.
